final/documentation.md, before:

This is my midterm project submission for the Sp25 Web Dev Class.

This is the beginning of a card game website I am implementing.

I have implemented a home page, one sample rule page, and one sample "free play" page for the Durak game only. I also implemented a dark mode and light mode toggle button. Also, clicking on the learn/play buttons will change which links the card icons redirect to without having to leave the page. Cool stuff.

I still have yet to create most of my links, to other games' rules and actual in game implementation. I ended up working with javascript a fair bit more than I expected to be, but it was fun. Shout out W3 schools for the guidance. 

I marked which snippets of code I wanted to highlight that I figured out online in comments within the .js file itself, hopefully that suffices.


Stuff to add in the future to this website:

- add all of the sidebar pages/links
- add chat button, add videochat buttons in game
- add login/sign up pages
- add social media picture icons
- add all learn pages
- in the end, refine color choices, make sure everything looks uniform across the pages for both dark and light mode


harder stuff to do:
- add game functionality to all game options, or at least one!
- add a database for all the users
- learn more about how to get a live chat/live video running, probaly server/network related stuff

Commit message:

implemented game functionality, but with bugs, see markdown file for info.

final/documentation.md, after:

This is my final project submission for the Sp25 Web Dev Class.

Since the midterm, my primary focus was implementing the game functionality for just one game, Durak, the bot play mode, which proved a lot longer and harder than I anticipated, but it helped since I was able to find other open source code for the game and I had also previously written some of my own in python before, so I was able to reuse a lot of logic, it just took a while converting it all to JS language. undertaking this project reminded me why i never finished this website in the first place when i tried to make it last time.

I also added social media icons, and responsiveness for mobile sizing.


stuff I want to try to add before final submission:
- stockpile kozer/trump icon when stockpile ends
- organize the cards in the player's hand

- fix perevodnoy function so they can't pass in the middle of the turn 
- allow other players to attack "out of turn" once primary fight is over



below is all the other stuff i did not get to and will not before final submission 
For the buttons/pages, I could probably try to add them visually, but they likely would not actually function online 
--------------------------

other stuff to add:
- add all of the sidebar pages/links
- add chat button, add videochat buttons in game
- add login/sign up pages
- add all learn pages


harder stuff to do:
- add a database for all the user accounts
- get a live chat/live video running, probaly server/network related stuff
- online multiplayer would be dope, with private rooms/servers and public ones
